Hello
speak
Ah Jing
You actually hit me for a woman
What about Xu Zhiyao?
You're late.
Even if you chase it back from abroad, it's too late
He's already with me.
coach
You'd better be honest with me
But what about people?
In the room?
how
You have to wait
Did you give up when you saw me having sex with him?
I told you.
What you can't give, I can give
unless
Do you want to give people marriage too?
Come, come, come this time, call this side, come, come
Hey, I said they already follow me, I don't believe it
I want to hear him confirm
Hey
Are you all right?
Yanqin Zhou Yanqi, you are back.
Coach, you are so shameless
Mislead me, that's because you don't trust Miss Xu enough.
Don't slander my image of greatness in Miss Xu's heart
Made you worry.
Why are your eyes so red?
Have you not rested well these days?
Zhou Yunjing
You don't keep the short sellers in check behind your back, do you?
Your time
Didn't you come back for no reason?
Is everything Yanjing said true?